a big night last night in Liverpool fell
into the train quick run Here I am in
Manchester in front of Old Trafford
right before the season opening the
Premiership Manchester with Swansea I
told Tully out supposed to meet her here
somewhere and now I gotta go find her
let's go do it
this is massive huh ah hey how you doing
kiddo we're ready to go don't need this
guy is apparently is important he's the
manager is the new manager is only just
some photoshopping right in there
they're just just in time for the big
game what are you doing today I'm going
to go be a wag oh yeah women's and
girlfriends so i think i'm gonna get my
nails on go shopping or something
national steppin out did you get my hair
did yeah as long as I get you know food
and drink I'm all good about you what
are you doing yeah I'm gonna watch this
jealous yeah real actually no I don't
care at all no i don't know maybe you
need to have these people you got yeah
just a good classic football matches all
right go have your point man yeah see
you later little brother John Ohio man
i'm doing good though and ponyo let's
gone up little Karama sister fantastic
little bit 80,000 people almost in the
stadium today away from all over the
world this is solved with life's club
that we're just coming up to now this is
synonymous with the Smiths yeah this is
where the inside album call for the
queen is dead this is where it was taken
here Smith's funds they're all over the
world can't believe that this is it yeah
yeah everything cool
that's the album cover from the SI cover
the queen is Natalie and then obviously
you will be able to have your picture
yeah put on pot on the wall this was on
a building in Manchester Manchester
icons not too hot now nerea threw it off
Wow so these are the couple of typical
Manchester pubs here the old nags head
and the Rising Sun and these have
entrances on two streets so if your wife
came chasing in one door you could run
out the other daughter about incident
you know it said she called our
Manchester you'll see a lot of bees as
well so be the bee is the symbol of
Manchester why is that the worker bee ah
thank you so much this has been amazing
to really truly just now getting getting
my feet wet and learning the ropes
around football here the rest of America
is just now catching up the way europe
and the UK have been totally addicted to
for the last decade upon decade up on
deck
what's the most important slang I need
to know about mantis awesome porn slang
double vision that we visit go busy it's
double with Doris is like what you're
busy but your extra bought your extra
fish I put your extra brush so I'm
double busy i drowned it will visit I
can't stop now beautiful you have a
Craig deal with spiral carpets and he's
gonna take us on a Manchester music tour
then he brought us here to free trade
hall to start at all and so right here
this is this is what it all started when
two local guys performing a band which
were to become the Buzzcocks can put a
show on only 40 people turned up what
virtually all those 40 people became
famous it was said documented in the
film 24-hour parts of people the essence
allows some grainy camcorder footage of
that show
this was Tony Olsen's apartment he took
over the top floor and turn it into a
New York loft style so i was 14 when i
drive my van Inspiral carpets wheat
lated me for a show here a week later
yeah yeah we was discovered by the Happy
Mondays who were Rios in the cellar they
hear sound check in and come up to check
us out and then asked us to support them
at our next next gig and so that was our
first big break that's a big break man
yeah yeah it's what I first met nor
Gallagher actually we've righted an old
down to audition to be our singer but it
wasn't very good yeah you made a grave
so right oh he was very sure that he got
the job so we had to break it to him
gently we started in front of the
original site of the world-famous
Hacienda nightclub the original building
was actually demolished by way of
compensation they put their timeline on
round the back of the building their
listing all the famous bands that play
there over the years Craig this has been
a fantastic experience thank you so much
spiral carpets Craig Manchester music
tour sta visitbritain this has been a
fantastic day as always you want to keep
tabs and everything subscribe to the
YouTube channel and follow us and listen
to all those Manchester bands because
they changed my life
you